a ever-growing datasets inside observational astronomy have challenged scientists inside many aspects, including an efficient and interactive data exploration and visualization. many tools have been developed to confront this challenge. however, they usually focus on displaying a actual images or focus on visualizing patterns within catalogs inside the predefined way. inside this paper we introduce vizic, the python visualization library that builds a connection between images and catalogs through an interactive map of a sky region. vizic visualizes catalog data over the custom background canvas with the help of a shape, size and orientation of each object inside a catalog. a displayed objects inside a map are highly interactive and customizable comparing to those inside a images. these objects should be filtered by or colored by their properties, such as redshift and magnitude. they also should be sub-selected with the help of the lasso-like tool considering further analysis with the help of standard python functions from in the jupyter notebook. furthermore, vizic allows custom overlays to be appended dynamically on top of a sky map. we have initially implemented several overlays, namely, voronoi, delaunay, minimum spanning tree and healpix grid layers, which are helpful considering visualizing large-scale structure. all these overlays should be generated, added or removed interactively with one line of code. a catalog data was stored inside the non-relational database, and a interfaces were developed inside javascript and python to work within jupyter notebook, which allows to create custom widgets, user generated scripts to analyze and plot a data selected/displayed inside a interactive map. this unique design makes vizic the very powerful and flexible interactive analysis tool. vizic should be adopted inside variety of exercises, considering example, data inspection, clustering analysis, galaxy alignment studies, outlier identification or simply large-scale visualizations.